# Requests for Quotation (RFQ)
## Sites.USA.gov & Challenge.gov

**From:** Michelle McNellis, Contracting Officer, GSA TTS Acquisitions 

**Subject:** Request for Quotation (RFQ)

**Date:** May 23, 2017

**Reply By:**  May 31, 2017 4:00pm EST 

**Set Aside:** Small Business

**NAICS Code:** 518210 – Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services 

**Contract Vehicle:** GSA Schedule 70 SIN 132 40 Cloud Computing Services

The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) Technology Transformation Service (TTS) Office of Acquisition (OA) hereby issues this Request for Quotation (RFQ) to Project Hosts, Inc. for a limited source task order on behalf of the TTS Office of Products and Programs (OPP) to procure cloud web hosting Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) from a FedRAMP-approved the Quoter that can provide access to their platform, which should provide regular and automatic maintenance, security, and updates.

This solicitation will be accomplished using the terms and conditions of the GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS), also known as Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) contract, Schedule 70 SIN 132 40 Cloud Computing Services Limited Source Justification with Project Hosts, Inc..

1.0 GENERAL

2.0 ADMINISTRATION

3.0 BACKGROUND

4.0 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE

5.0 TYPE OF CONTRACT

6.0 PRICING STRUCTURE

7.0 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS

8.0 QUOTATION INSTRUCTIONS

9.0 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT

10.0 BASIS OF AWARD AND EVALUATION CRITERIA

11.0 INVOICING

12.0 DAILY ACTIVITIES and KICK OFF

13.0 TRANSPARENCY POLICY

14.0 CONTRACT PROVISIONS, CLAUSES and POLICIES INCORPORATED

## 1.0 GENERAL
The Quoter shall submit a quotation in accordance with the instructions and terms and conditions of this RFQ and the terms and conditions of this quotation. Please ensure that a response includes all requested information and that your response clearly demonstrates the company’s capability to perform the objectives and requirements specified in the PWS. The Government intends to award based on initial quotation. Therefore, it is critical that you are fully responsive to the solicitation and submit your best quotation initially.

Questions or comments regarding this RFQ shall be submitted to michelle.mcnellis@gsa.gov  no later than May 25, 2017 by 4:00pm EST, to allow the Government sufficient time to respond. All questions and comments will be publicly available. Questions or comments received after the required deadline will not be answered. Any changes to this RFQ or attachments will be posted as an amendment on GSA eBuy.

Quotation must be received electronically to michelle.mcnellis@gsa.gov, by the official closing date and time identified above. A late quotation will not be considered for award.

## 2.0 ADMINISTRATION
The Quoter must submit a response to the solicitation, consistent with the instructions herein, in order to be considered for an award. Incomplete quotation submissions will not be evaluated and, therefore, will not be considered for a task order. Submission of these items, as detailed below, will constitute the Quoter’s compliance with the terms and conditions of the RFQ solicitation.

Unless expressly authorized by the RFQ, any Quoter planning to take exception to a term or condition of the RFQ should consult with the Contracting Officer (CO) in writing before submitting a quotation.

The Quoter is advised to closely read the quote instructions outlined within section 8.0 Special Instructions before preparing a technical quotation.

## 3.0 BACKGROUND 
Sites.USA.gov (“Sites”) is a multi-website application of WordPress which was established to provide a quick, easy, and secure solution to agencies looking to publish informational websites. Sites is an ideal solution for customer agency websites that focus on publishing blogs and sharing information on current events and/or issues as the customer agencies can easily manage their own content.

Challenge.gov (“Challenge”) is the official hub for federal prize and challenge competitions, and serves a key function outlined in the American Innovation and Competitiveness Act of 2017. Challenge.gov consists of a platform for agencies to list, host and manage their online prize competitions at no cost, as well as a rich toolkit of resources to support agencies in their crowdsourcing initiatives. Challenge.gov is a single-site Wordpress website.

## 4.0 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE
The Period of Performance (“POP”) is 12 months. The POP is expected to begin within 10 calendar days after award - specifically, from the day a kickoff is held with the contractor.

## 5.0 TYPE OF CONTRACT
Based on the nature of this requirement, the government intends to award a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) task order.

## 6.0 PRICING STRUCTURE
The Quoter is required to complete the attached [RFQ Response Form](https://docs.google.com/a/gsa.gov/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeYm0yVxViYKvGpPB_GKh83icfM8ihM3329Bqiap4Rd2lQyZQ/viewform?c=0&w=1).

## 7.0 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS
Communications Before Award. The Quoter shall direct all communications to the Contracting Officer.

Potential Organizational Conflicts of Interest Statement. No contract award shall be made until any potential conflict of interest has been neutralized or mitigated to the satisfaction of the CO in accordance with [Subpart FAR 9.5 Organizational and Consultant Conflicts of Interest](https://www.acquisition.gov/sites/default/files/current/far/html/Subpart%209_5.html#wp1078823). Acknowledgement of this statement within the [RFQ Response Form](https://docs.google.com/a/gsa.gov/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeYm0yVxViYKvGpPB_GKh83icfM8ihM3329Bqiap4Rd2lQyZQ/viewform?c=0&w=1). 

## 8.0 QUOTATION INSTRUCTIONS
Submissions in response to this solicitation shall include a response to the [RFQ Response Form](https://docs.google.com/a/gsa.gov/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeYm0yVxViYKvGpPB_GKh83icfM8ihM3329Bqiap4Rd2lQyZQ/viewform?c=0&w=1). A quotation that fails to include this form identified above will not be considered for award. 

## 9.0 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT 
Sites and Challenge must obtain cloud web hosting Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) from a FedRAMP-approved Quoter that can provide access to their platform, which must provide regular and automatic maintenance, security, and updates for a total of 12 months.

### 9.1 Scope
The objective of this acquisition is for Sites and Challenge to continue their operations by completing the transition to a FedRAMP-approved and GSA IT-approved cloud web hosting environment that includes Shared Server and Dedicated Server hosting options. This environment must be provided as a SaaS and must provide a turnkey solution to satisfy Sites’ and Challenge’s web hosting requirements by June 30, 2017.

Deploying Sites and Challenge hosting in this manner will allow the government to complete the move to a FedRAMP-approved space without having to create a new environment and have the security processes and procedures for that new environment accredited through a governing authority. Finally, there is a real benefit from removing the burden of tasks related to managing patches, updates, continuous monitoring, backing-up, and recovery provisions.

### 9.2 Technical Specifications
Both CLIN 0001 for Sites and CLIN 0002 for Challenge will require the same exact technical specifications, but Sites will require additional servers, storage space, and security scanning services in comparison to Challenge. For both CLINs, the Contractor must have the capability to provide:

* All Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) and Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) level security controls, compliance, and auditing.
* Support for independent WordPress environments.
* System administration for the applications (deployments, rolling out patches, system configuration, etc.)
* Security services required for Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) compliance for all IaaS and PaaS components (continuous system scanning and monitoring, log correlation, intrusion detection, incident response, etc.). Scanning results must be made available to GSA.
* Managed access to Staging and Production logs, metrics, system configuration auditing and reporting, etc.
* Service providing deployment scripts based on managed access to source code repository for development and deployment
* 24x7 support for public facing websites/applications and Content Management System (CMS) components
* Integration with GSA IT's centralized security operations monitoring and logging (SIEM)
* Any necessary documentation or technical assistance that may be required for the GSA Authorization To Operate (ATO) process
* Assistance in continued improvements in DevOps Solutions

### 9.3 Constraints
Requirements for compatibility with existing or future systems or programs:

* FedRAMP accreditation at the SaaS level with all controls documented in an approved System Security Plan
* A FedRAMP-certified Cloud Service Provider (CSP) that covers Access Control, Disaster Recovery Policies, Backup Policies, and related procedures
* Integration with GSA IT's centralized security operations monitoring and logging (SIEM)
* SaaS platform with Shared and Dedicated Server option
* Support for Linux-based instances and a standard set of middleware and configuration for multi-site WordPress

## 10.0 BASIS OF AWARD AND EVALUATION CRITERIA
The Government's evaluation of the submitted quote will be based on the following evaluation factors:

Past Performance – The Government will utilize past performance information obtained from the Government’s Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS) to validate the Quoter  past performance.

Price - The Government will evaluate the Quoter’s proposed price to ensure that the quoted  price is fair and reasonable for the project.

The Government will not make an award of the task order until such time as (i) the Government is in receipt of a completed Google form, (ii) the Quoter  is deemed to have an acceptable or neutral past performance rating, (iii) the price quotation received is determined to be fair and reasonable, and (iv) award of the contract is in the best interest of the Government.

## 11.0 INVOICING
The period of performance for each invoice shall be for one calendar month. The contractor shall submit only one invoice per month.

### 11.1 Content of Invoice
In addition to the requirements for a proper invoice specified in FAR 52.212-4 (g) and the Prompt Payment clause, FAR 52.212-4(i)(2), the following information or documentation must be submitted with each invoice:

* Contract/Order Number*
* Period of Performance covered by the invoice*
* CLIN number and title*

* All items will be provided at time of award.

### 11.2 Invoice Submission
The Contractor is required to submit invoices to GSA Vendor Customer Self Service (VCSS) and the Contracting Officer Representative (COR). GSA TTS does not manage or run this system. All invoicing questions should be directed to customer support at 866-450-6588 or the VCSS customer service site https://vcss.ocfo.gsa.gov/

### 11.3 Final Invoice
Invoices for final payment must be so identified and submitted within 60 calendar days from contract completion and no further charges are to be billed. With the submission of a final invoice, a completed and signed Release of Claims (GSA Form 1142) shall be provided to the CO.

## 12.0 DAILY ACTIVITIES and KICK OFF 

### 12.1 Post Award Orientation Conference
The Government's team, CO/COR, and the TTS Product Owner will hold a Kick-Off Meeting/Post-Award Conference with the contractor. Ideally, this will be physically located in Washington, DC, but may be done virtually with contractor’s team and other relevant Government staff to review and clarify the project’s objectives, expectations from the Government, and address any questions the contractor may have. Discussion topics shall include, but not be limited to:

* Introduction of the contractor and Government staff;
* Understanding of the workflow;
* Project management expectations;
* Agreement on communication methods; and,
* Discussion of any other relevant specific concerns.

The Kick-Off Meeting/Post-Award Conference will take place within 10 calendar days from award. The contractor shall provide any finalized contractor Teaming Arrangements (CTAs)/Subcontractor arrangements at this time.

### 12.2 Transition
During the transition to the Government, or a new contractor, the contractor shall perform all necessary transition activities. Expected transition activities may include, but not be limited to, continuation of full services to TTS and other customers; participation in meetings with the Government or new contractor to effect a smooth transition and provide detailed information on the operation of all deliverables, at CO/COR and the TTS Product Owner's discretion; training of new personnel, either Government or new contractor, during transition period; any other knowledge transfer activities necessary; and, appropriate close-out of any outstanding technical and related performance elements for this task.

Should the contractor be terminated prior to the end of the period of performance, the contractor shall transfer all project materials to the CO/COR and the TTS Product Owner within two weeks of the CO/COR and the TTS Product Owner’s request.

### 12.4 Travel
No travel is anticipated or will be required as part of this task order.

### 12.5 Government Furnished Items
The Government will provide access to the Application Programming Interface and its underlying data at the time of award. No other hardware or software will be provided by the Government.

## 13.0 TRANSPARENCY POLICY
The Quoter is advised that TTS will publish on a publicly available website documents associated with this requirement, including any Requests for Quotations (including amendments), Question and Answer exchanges with the Quoter (source-identifying information removed), and other relevant information that is not confidential/proprietary in nature and other relevant information that is not marked as confidential or proprietary or does not constitute source selection information that would otherwise implicate procurement integrity concerns.

Upon award, TTS will publish the total price of the selected quotation and certain non-source-identifying data (for example, the final awarded price). During the performance of this contract, TTS may similarly publish data related to project management, and top-line spending data.

## 14.0 CONTRACT PROVISIONS, CLAUSES and POLICIES INCORPORATED
### 14.1 508 Compliance
The contractor shall support the Government in its conformance with Section 508 throughout the development and implementation of the work to be performed.

Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended (29 U.S.C. 794d) requires that when Federal agencies develop, procure, maintain, or use electronic information technology, Federal employees with disabilities have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to the access and use by Federal employees who do not have disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency. Section 508 also requires that individuals with disabilities, who are members of the public seeking information or services from a Federal agency, have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to that provided to the public who are not individuals with disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency.

### 14.2 Contract Clauses Incorporated by Reference
FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998)

This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es):

* Federal Acquisition Regulation: https://www.acquisition.gov/far/current/html/FARTOCP52.html 
* GSA Acquisition Manual: https://www.acquisition.gov/?q=browsegsam 
* FAR 52.212-4- Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial items (JAN 2017)
* GSAR 552.212-4  - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Items Nov 2009 
* Alternate II (July 2015)(DEVIATION FAR 52.212-4)

(End of provision)

### 14.3 Provisions and Clauses Incorporated in Full Text

52.203-18 – Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements--Representation (Jan 2017)

(a) Definition. As used in this provision--

“Internal confidentiality agreement or statement”, “subcontract”, and “subcontractor”, are defined in the clause at 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements.

(b) In accordance with section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions), Government agencies are not permitted to use funds appropriated (or otherwise made available) for contracts with an entity that requires employees or subcontractors of such entity seeking to report waste, fraud, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or subcontractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information.

(c) The prohibition in paragraph (b) of this provision does not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, (Classified Information Nondisclosure Agreement), Form 4414 (Sensitive Compartmented Information Nondisclosure Agreement), or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information.

(d) Representation. By submission of its offer, the Offeror represents that it will not require its employees or subcontractors to sign or comply with internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or subcontractors from lawfully reporting waste, fraud, or abuse related to the performance of a Government contract to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information (e.g., agency Office of the Inspector General).

(End of provision)

FAR 52.217-8 - Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999)

The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 10 calendar days before the contract expires.

(End of clause)
