# Limited Sources Justification

## Sites.USA.gov and Challenge.gov

**General Services Administration**

**Technology Transformation Service**

**Office of Acquisition**

Date: April 10, 2017

## 1. Identification of the agency and contracting activity

U.S. General Services Administration

Technology Transformation Service

Office of Acquisition

1800 F Street, NW, 4th Floor Wing 4

Washington, DC  20405

## 2. Nature and/or description of the action being approved

This procurement uses a GSA Schedule and will be solicited and awarded in accordance with FAR Subpart 8.4. In accordance with FAR 8.405-6 – Limited Sources, procurements using Federal Supply Schedules (FSS) are exempt from competition requirements in FAR Part 6, Competition Requirements. However, FAR 8.405-6 requires a justification when an urgent and compelling need arises for a  requirement.

The General Services Administration (GSA) intends to issue a firm fixed price (FFP) task order to Project Hosts, Inc. against FSS Schedule 70, SIN 132 40 Cloud Computing Services contract number GS-35F-497CA.

The basis for limiting the sources for this acquisition is due to Sites.USA.gov (“Sites”) and Challenge.gov (“Challenge”) having to obtain cloud web hosting Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) from a FedRAMP-approved vendor that can provide access to their platform, which has the capability to provide regular and automatic maintenance, security, and updates.

## 3. Description of the supplies/services required (including the estimated value)

The objective of this acquisition is for Sites and Challenge to complete the transition to a FedRAMP-approved and GSA IT-approved cloud web hosting environment that includes Shared Server and Dedicated Server hosting options. This environment must be provided as a SaaS and must provide a turnkey solution to satisfy Sites’ and Challenge’s web hosting requirements by June 30, 2017.

Deploying Sites and Challenge hosting in this manner will allow the government to complete the move of the existing environments to a FedRAMP-approved space without having to create a new environment and have the security processes and procedures for that new environment accredited through a governing authority. Furthermore, there is a real benefit from removing the burden of tasks related to managing patches, updates, continuous monitoring, backing-up, and recovery provisions. Finally, from a policy perspective, this acquisition can be obtained from a small business on Schedule 70 that supports GSA's push for cloud diversity.

The period of performance shall commence on June 30, 2017 and include one (1) 12-month Base Period. The estimated cost of the SaaS product is $99,960.00.

## 4. Identification of statutory authority and supporting rationale

The acquisition is to be conducted under the authority of the Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) Program, also known as the FSS program, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 152 (3), Competitive Procedures, and 40 U.S.C. 501, Services for Executive Agencies. The statutory authority justifying limiting the source is 41 USC 3304(a)(2), implemented in 8.405-6(a)(1)(i)(A), which allows the restriction of consideration of MAS contractors when an urgent and compelling need exists, and following the procedures would result in unacceptable delays.

Until the end of 2016, both Sites and Challenge were being hosted by CGI, Inc. This relationship is no longer feasible due to the lack of FedRAMP approval. A three (3) month contract with Project Hosts, Inc. was entered into as a stop-gap, with that contract expiring at the end of March 2017. An additional three (3) month contract with Project Hosts, Inc. was required, with that contract expiring at the end of June 2017. A long-term hosting solution must be obtained as quickly as possible in order to facilitate the continued operations of both as they work towards migrating to cloud.gov.

The Sites and Challenge team used the first 3-month extension to explore the feasibility of transferring all hosting requirements to cloud.gov. Unfortunately, during the process, the cloud.gov team, the Sites and Challenge team, as well as TTS Infrastructure came to the conclusion that with the amount of time and cost associated with the work required, the second 3-month extension was not enough, and an entire year would be required, thus necessitating an acquisition.

As a result, Sites and Challenge must obtain a longer-term contract for a cloud web hosting SaaS from a web hosting provider with FedRAMP approval that can provide access to their platform, a capability which only Project Hosts, Inc. can currently provide, which was determined with our Market Research report, detailed below and it must do so immediately before the extension expires, and open-market competition would take longer.

## 5. Determination by the ordering activity contracting officer that the order represents the best value consistent with 8.404(d)

GSA has already determined the prices of supplies/services of schedule contracts to be fair and reasonable. The Contracting Officer will determine, using the procedures in FAR 8.405, that the order represents the best value and results in the lowest overall cost alternative (considering price, special features, administrative costs, etc.) to meet the Government's needs. The Contracting Officer will also seek additional discounts before placing the order.

## 6. Description of the market research conducted among schedule holders and the results or a statement of the reason market research was not conducted

Using the procedures of FAR 10.002, the government determined that its requirements can be met by a commercial item, with the only differentiating factor being that it must be FedRAMP approved. The market research team contacted every contractor on the FedRAMP marketplace [that was approved as a SaaS provider](https://marketplace.fedramp.gov/index.html#/products?status=Compliant&sort=productName&serviceModels=SaaS), except for Workplace.gov, which did not have a Point of Contact (“POC”) listed or a working website to find a POC.

A survey was sent via Google Forms on January 3, 2017 with a closing date of January 11, 2017 to all FedRAMP-approved SaaS providers. The survey asked 12 Yes/No questions, 2 of which were to obtain basic information about the vendor, and the other 10 of which outlined the bare minimum technical requirements to satisfy the Sites and Challenge programs’ needs. A total of 35 unique vendors were contacted. Any questions that were asked were sent to the entire group so any information shared with one vendor was shared with all vendors. A reminder email was sent on January 9, 2017 to all vendors who had yet to submit a response. A total of 13 responses were received.

From all of those responses only two -- Project Hosts and NetComm -- were able to answer “Yes” to every question related to GSA’s requirements (questions 3-12). However, review of NetComm’s FedRAMP paperwork conflicts with their responses. Two members of the TTS OPP team reviewed the paperwork to come to this conclusion. From the analysis performed, the government concluded that the authorization for FedRAMP-approved services does not extend beyond an analytics platform that NetComm provides, and thus, they were not actually able to perform the required services.

It is also important to note that Project Hosts has proven they can perform, having held a three-month long contract for the exact same services with OPP through a purchase card purchase and having been given another three-month long contract for these services through FAS.

In researching government agencies with similar needs, we found that Army came to the conclusion that only Project Hosts has been able to obtain FedRAMP-authorization for the specific set of multi-site WordPress applications on shared- and dedicated-servers. This technical configuration not only currently used by Sites and Challenge, but is in fact required by the two applications.

A full breakdown of the questions and responses from each FedRAMP-authorized SaaS provider that responded to our Sources Sought Notice are included in the table, [attached](003_LSJ_chart.pdf). Red squares indicate a response of “No” while Green squares indicate a response of “Yes”.

## 7. Any other facts supporting the justification

Due to the nature of the requirement, no other sources are available to meet the Government’s requirement at this time. The SaaS provider must be FedRAMP-approved.

## 8. Statement of action to remove barriers to competition

After the period of performance, both Sites and Challenge hope to migrate to cloud.gov, which has a Provisional Authority to Operate. For competition on future procurements, TTS will continue to design system architecture that will incorporate an open software environment to the greatest extent possible. As the market of SaaS FedRAMP hosting vendors increases, we anticipate greater competition in the commercial space, and we will compare them with the maturing platform services at cloud.gov, which is internally managed by TTS, to achieve best value. It is important to note, however, that obtained FedRAMP-approval is an onerous process that involves multiple reviews from GSA, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Homeland Security. Additionally, it is relatively expensive, and requires an initial Authorization to Operate (ATO) from a sponsoring agency.

## 9. Client Agency Representation and Technical Certification

I hereby certify that the technical facts and representation under my cognizance which are in this justification document and which form a basis for this justification are accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.

    /s/Jacob Parcell                                             4/10/17
__________________________________                        ______________________
Mr. Jacob Parcell                                                  Date

OPP Sites Program Director 

Technology Transformation Service

U.S. General Services Administration

## 10. Contracting Officer’s Certification

I hereby certify that the facts and representation under my cognizance which are included in this justification document and which form a basis for this justification are accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

    /s/Michelle McNellis                                         4/10/17
__________________________________                        ______________________
Michelle McNellis                                                  Date

Contracting Officer

Office of Acquisition

Technology Transformation Service

U.S. General Services Administration
